Create README for eslint-plugin-sonarjs (#4759)
SonarSource/SonarJS: README.md

:arrow_right: [Have some feedback?](#support)

> :arrow_right: [eslint-plugin-sonarjs](./packages/jsts/src/rules/README.md), our plugin for ESLint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository now hosts [eslint-plugin-sonarjs](./packages/jsts/src/rules/README.md), our plugin for ESLint.
```
